README.md, before:

# Syn Flood

[![CI](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/workflows/CI/badge.svg?event=push)](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
[![Docker pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)](https://hub.docker.com/r/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=bilalcaliskan_syn-flood&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=bilalcaliskan_syn-flood)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood.svg)](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/releases/latest)
[![Go version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

This project is developed with the objective of learning low level network operations with Golang. It starts a syn flood attack
with raw sockets.

> **Please do not use that tool with devil needs.**

## Prerequisites
You need root access to run syn-flood

## Configuration
syn-flood can be customized with several command line arguments:
```
--host              string      Provide public ip or DNS of the target
--port              int         Provide reachable port of the target
--payloadLength     int         Provide payload length in bytes for each packet
--floodType         string      Provide the attack type. Proper values are: syn, ack, synack
```

## Download
### Binary
Binary can be downloaded from [Releases](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/releases) page.

After then, you can simply run binary by providing required command line arguments:
```shell
$ sudo ./syn-flood --host 10.0.0.100 --port 443
```

Or with DNS:
```shell
$ sudo ./syn-flood --host foo.example.com --port 443
```

### Docker
Docker image can be downloaded with below command:
```shell
$ docker run bilalcaliskan/syn-flood:latest
```

## Development
This project requires below tools while developing:
- [Golang 1.16](https://golang.org/doc/go1.16)
- [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/)
- [golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/install/) - required by [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/)

## References
- https://www.devdungeon.com/content/packet-capture-injection-and-analysis-gopacket
- https://www.programmersought.com/article/74831586115/
- https://github.com/rootVIII/gosynflood
- https://golangexample.com/repeatedly-send-crafted-tcp-syn-packets-with-raw-sockets/
- https://github.com/kdar/gorawtcpsyn/blob/master/main.go
- https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/google/gopacket
- https://github.com/david415/HoneyBadger/blob/021246788e58cedf88dee75ac5dbf7ae60e12514/packetSendTest.go
- mac spoofing -> https://github.com/google/gopacket/issues/153
- free proxies -> https://www.sslproxies.org/
- [What is an ACK flood DDoS attack? | Types of DDoS attacks](https://www.cloudflare.com/tr-tr/learning/ddos/what-is-an-ack-flood/)
- https://bariskoparmal.com/2021/08/22/spesifik-ddos-saldirilari-ve-saldiri-komutlari/
- https://github.blog/2016-07-12-syn-flood-mitigation-with-synsanity/

## License
Apache License 2.0

Commit message:

flood duration seconds added, fixes #12

README.md, after:

# Syn Flood

[![CI](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/workflows/CI/badge.svg?event=push)](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
[![Docker pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)](https://hub.docker.com/r/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=bilalcaliskan_syn-flood&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/summary/new_code?id=bilalcaliskan_syn-flood)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)
[![Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood.svg)](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/releases/latest)
[![Go version](https://img.shields.io/github/go-mod/go-version/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

This project is developed with the objective of learning low level network operations with Golang. It starts a syn flood attack
with raw sockets.

> **Please do not use that tool with devil needs.**

## Prerequisites
You need root access to run syn-flood

## Configuration
syn-flood can be customized with several command line arguments:
```
--host                  string      Provide public ip or DNS of the target
--port                  int         Provide reachable port of the target
--payloadLength         int         Provide payload length in bytes for each packet
--floodType             string      Provide the attack type. Proper values are: syn, ack, synack
--floodDurationSeconds  int64       Provide the duration of the attack in seconds, -1 for no limit, defaults to -1
```

## Download
### Binary
Binary can be downloaded from [Releases](https://github.com/bilalcaliskan/syn-flood/releases) page.

After then, you can simply run binary by providing required command line arguments:
```shell
$ sudo ./syn-flood --host 10.0.0.100 --port 443
```

Or with DNS:
```shell
$ sudo ./syn-flood --host foo.example.com --port 443
```

### Docker
Docker image can be downloaded with below command:
```shell
$ docker run bilalcaliskan/syn-flood:latest
```

## Development
This project requires below tools while developing:
- [Golang 1.16](https://golang.org/doc/go1.16)
- [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/)
- [golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/usage/install/) - required by [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/)

## References
- https://www.devdungeon.com/content/packet-capture-injection-and-analysis-gopacket
- https://www.programmersought.com/article/74831586115/
- https://github.com/rootVIII/gosynflood
- https://golangexample.com/repeatedly-send-crafted-tcp-syn-packets-with-raw-sockets/
- https://github.com/kdar/gorawtcpsyn/blob/master/main.go
- https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/google/gopacket
- https://github.com/david415/HoneyBadger/blob/021246788e58cedf88dee75ac5dbf7ae60e12514/packetSendTest.go
- mac spoofing -> https://github.com/google/gopacket/issues/153
- free proxies -> https://www.sslproxies.org/
- [What is an ACK flood DDoS attack? | Types of DDoS attacks](https://www.cloudflare.com/tr-tr/learning/ddos/what-is-an-ack-flood/)
- https://bariskoparmal.com/2021/08/22/spesifik-ddos-saldirilari-ve-saldiri-komutlari/
- https://github.blog/2016-07-12-syn-flood-mitigation-with-synsanity/

## License
Apache License 2.0
